mmm power.
:) the deal is I am so intrigued by the mood in the community and in IRC.
there is an elephant in the room here.
I am talking about networking.
the trolls are talking about sleeping.
so.
the measure of the strength of our community is how we treat each other with civility and dignity and respect at all times.
be excellent to each other.
why dont we try that.
stop bleeting about sleeping man.
I took 1 hour on three nights.
montyphy took 8 hours the other night.
he is a massive troll.
cmon guys.
lets talk about networking guys! fuck the trolls.
what do I want akki.
open goal here, please be witty.
I would love know.
them same vote was taken last night.
it was 7/7.
I dont think the mailing list is a complete consensus tool.
it is flawed.
it is not a safe space to discuss things.
ok.
lets try google moderator.
http://moderator.appspot.com/.
try it.
because trolls have poisoned our mailing list and IRC.
aka people like you captinT.
well done dude!.
de facto.
you dont even need to try man.
ok, lets formalise this debate. What statement did I make that you disagree with.
lets talk like adults here.
I repeat. What statement did I make that you disagree with CapT?.
I was born free, can you say the same for yourself? What is making you unhappy in life?.
If anyone at the space REALLY thinks that have the right to assert themselves over another human being then they are mistaken?.
seriously what is the point here?.
I want to talk about rule 4 and networking.
ms7821 is being constructive.
akki and captinT and tom_w are being verbally abusive.
what is your plan guys? what is your point?.
What are you about?.
please explain.
because I might agree with you.
have you even asked me what I think?.
is there even a platform to discuss this?.
I propose an EGM to table up a system to actually test for opinion on issues.
well jonty, it is against my wished to join a conversation where people are being verbally abusive or bully on a regular basis.
but I care too much about this community to let it fall to the dogs *trolls.
so I will consent to propose that on the mailing list.
which I have stopped reading and posting to because it is not a safe space.
there is too much hatred and bullying going on there.
this shit looks so bad from the outside.
@creature catch 22, lets just do our best.
and then do better.
after we have the tools, and then make better tools.
I am not happy about the surveilence mark.
hackspace is bordering on a police state.
there is too much covert logging and too much snooping. We need 4 changes here:.
1) open up the logs for who views the cameras.
2) detail any networking monitoring tools.
ty io_lhs.
@blueboxthief I know it is being logged.... it is called hackspace for a reason....
ms7821, are the camera view stats being logged?.
that is not what mark told me.
this needs to come out now.
I am submitting a freedom of information request.
I want all of my data please.
;).
lets have it boys.
hehe.
seriously.
what have you got on me.
I feel this may not be the case but I trust you if you tell me so.
I am just impressed by the insight some members have about my movements.
like when I wrote a script to make the cameras look at the floor.
because a female member felt like they were staring at her.
it made her feel unsafe in the space.
well that was agressive behavious man and totally your call.
by I am sympathetic.
charles, that was just for you baby.
did you like the paedo bear with the charles beard on and my #fail message.
jonty I like that.
it was actually because I wrote two scripts.
and the first script was blocked with a 403.
then I just hit the web interface directly.
which still works.
well solexious did not stop me.
because I have a new technique.
which still works.
and I consented not to use it.
I have.
you know I have.
but if a female member feels unsafe because she is being watched then I will use it.
glad to hear it mark.
we will try not to fuck up.
there are not 400 people that have something to say here.
they have the right but there is a lot of apathy.
my common sense and intelligence is all I need to follow when in the space. I have never read the rules.
*not true.
I have read them actually.
I read a lot of the wiki.
guys you CANNOT assert yourselves over me.
not possible.
not happening.
I have free will.
dont what mark?.
I am not well educated enough for that mark.
please define.
not true.
please pause CaptainTerrible and I will remove your ignorance on this matter.
I did not consent to those rules.
please show me where I agreed to those rules.
please prove to me how they apply to me, a human being.
ok guys, I don't want to provoke the directors into having to excercise their power to ban people.
but that is used as a stick and that is not right.
russs this debate has not happened yet.
rules are just a mindless abandonment of our avility to determine the correct thing to do for ourselve.
I trust the judgement of fellow hackers.
you are all intelligent, sensitive human beings.
what the fuyck.
yes we do!.
there are too many members.
where are the finance books and projections russs.
bluebox I agree.
well then lets raise it and see what social contracts can be made to help out poorer members.
friends paying for people if they need a topup.
and maybe reducing their higher contribution.
i.e. no exclusion, just raising the lower bar.
nobody talks about the people that hotdesk here.
but they provide very little to the 'community'.
Hackspace must remain open and inclusive.
that is it's nature.
it must remain so in order to remain a beautiful thing.
but we have a finite space.
3:11 <@samthetechie> i.e. no exclusion, just raising the lower bar.
3:12 <@samthetechie> Hackspace must remain open and inclusive.
mission statment or not it is Jontyq.
that's why we love the hackspace man.
that's why there is a strong community here.
you know this.
@creature, you would be in the minority to admit that you don't love it.
lets just never put these things out of context.
we need to focus on tweeting more, writing more code, more project and more more blog posts and more flickr photos.
that is inspiring shit.
we used to have a self-describing space.
we used to have artists paiting on the walls.
that is dead now.
everyone talks bullshit about negative aspects.
terrible rhetoric, terrible mood. Poor thoughts lead to poor actions.
when whas the last time the troll crew made something better.
mayeb trollflappi.
that is epic.
but that aside.....
you DO NOTHING.
tomw_ you are just being a dick tonight, at least you are useful most of the time.
*sighes(.
witty.
get you, sharp pencil you....
I see what you did there.
*tips hat.
I clean up a lot.
anybody like to disagree.
I want to know how much prejudice there is here.
statement: Samthetechie cleans up very often in the hackspace.
I would love some dick to contradict me.
seriously.
because there are overiding tones of meritocracy here.
and I think my "moral bank hole in wall" is fine in this regard.
lets not mention the trebuchet.
or the bike.
or the amp.
or the bucket bass.
or.....
seriously jontyw?.
just put in the 3wk bin.
I know the way of things... not in box == fair game.
that was obviously not intentional!.
omg when was this.
cool.
yeah fuck rules.
you guys are feeling bitter because you have to take abuse from others.
I dont.
really I am free.
I can test this theory.
it is called agency.
wow.
how personal is this guys.
I agree a solution does exist.
I will not follow a rule that I did not consent to. that is not right.
they are pooly tabled.
and not reflective of how members actually behave.
it is crazy to assume that a rule stands because it is written.
jonty I am the focal point of grief but not actually the worst offender.
I just have the balls to talk up about it and be outspoken.
I am expecting hatred, I am expecting criticism.
I am going to be a mirror for the hackspace to look at itself.
and then sory its fucking shit out.
ms7821 that is just factually wrong.
Montyphy is winning on sleep hours this week in the league.
well jonty have you asked me personally.
or do you believe what you read in the news.
jontyw, what platform is there for me.
i talked with martind and mark about the mailing list.
that is constructive.
I am not whining dude, lets work on this.
22:38 <@samthetechie> I propose an EGM to table up a system to actually test for opinion on issues.
please see earlier jonty.
snap.
1 hr ago.
SO.
I propose an EGM.
sure.
I will do that now.
it is not such a concession, I was going to express my reservations about it being a horrible place to hold discussions.
the EGM must take place in an physical space, large enough for our entire membership.
I will!.
I will draft on pirate pad.
does anyone want to help?.
good idea creature?.
I will link the doodle from the piratepad.
do any of the people arguing want to help table an agenda for the EGM?.
If you lack the will to engage, you loose credibility here.
I do know jonty.
I want to invte more people to join that.
why is it ok for this guy to abuse me?.
when can I kickban that troll?.
where does this hatred come from.
haha.
losers.
seriously.
ok.
so.
I am going to leave now.
enjoy.
:).
rejoice etc.
;).
glad you have a feather in your cap now akki.
nn guys.
now talk about something contrsuctive now you have finished with the GoldStein Two minutes hate.
#winning.
brb jonty, getting food. will post when I get back.
ouch.
ok have the last word trolls.
nn.
<@samthetechie> guys you CANNOT assert yourselves over me.
